chore: update review docs (#92)
reviewpad/docs: docs/guides/built-ins/actions/review/index.mdx

import CodeBlock from "@theme/CodeBlock";
import Example from "!!raw-loader!./example.yml";

:::warning Requires GitHub token

Please note that this action requires the [Reviewpad Action to be installed with a GitHub token](/getting-started/installation-with-github-token).
:::

**Description**:

Reviews the pull request.

> If the message is empty and the review type is a `REQUEST_CHANGES` or a `COMMENT`, an error is returned.

Reviewer: The action fails when review type is `REQUEST_CHANGES` or `COMMENT` and no message is provided.

> The review will only be performed if the last review wasn't an `APPROVED` and if, since the last review made by the action `bot`, the pull request has updates. Otherwise, no action is taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The review will only be performed if the following conditions are meet:
- The last review is not `APPROVED`.
- The pull request has changes since the last submitted review.
```
